---
layout: post
title: Mountain View Councilmember Emily Ann Ramos launches 2024 campaign
description: Endorsed by former State Controller Betty Yee, State Senator Josh Becker, former Mountain View Mayor Mike Kasperzak, and dozens of public officials and community leaders
image: assets/images/Emil_2024_Announement_Facebook.jpg
---

MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA – Mountain View City Councilmember Emily Ann Ramos announced her candidacy for one of four at-large council seats up for a vote in the General Election to be held November 5, 2024. Ramos also announced early endorsements from former California State Controller Betty Yee, State Senator Josh Becker, former Mountain View Mayor Mike Kasperzak, and dozens of public officials, neighbors, and community leaders.  
  
“As a daughter of immigrants who came to this country seeking a better future for their family, I’m grateful to live in a city that fosters an inclusive, equitable environment where anyone can make a difference," Ramos said in launching her campaign. "I am running to continue our efforts to prioritize housing affordability, environmental resilience, and making civic participation a more accessible and fulfilling experience for everyone."  
  
A progressive Democrat, Ramos became the first person of Filipino descent to serve on the Mountain View City Council when she was appointed in February 2023 to fill a vacancy left by newly-elected California Board of Equalization Member Sally Lieber.  
  
“As a fellow AANHPI woman, I know how hard Emily has worked to bring that lens to local government, creating a seat at the table for people who feel left out by their city,” said former Controller Yee in endorsing Ramos. “I’m honored to support her in continuing that work to build an inclusive Mountain View.”  
  
A Mountain View resident since 2016 and active community leader, Ramos previously served on Mountain View's Rental Housing Committee, created by voters to implement and administer the City's Rent Stabilization Program. Professionally, she works as a Preservation and Protection Associate for SV@Home, a locally-based nonprofit advocating for affordable housing and a more equitable Silicon Valley.  
  
“Emily is a tireless advocate and expert on the most pressing issue in our state and region: the affordability and availability of housing,” said State Senator Becker, who honored Ramos in 2022 as California Senate District 13 Woman of the Year. “I am proud to endorse her because she understands what it takes to collaborate with partners at all levels to create and implement comprehensive strategies to tackle this crisis and so many more.”  
  
Prior to her council appointment, Ramos served on the Board of Directors for the Community Services Agency of Mountain View, Los Altos, and Los Altos Hills. A dedicated community advocate, she has also volunteered her time with the League of Women Voters Los Altos-Mountain View Area's Affordable Housing Committee and the Mountain View Historical Association.  
  
Former Mayor Kasperzak had this to say in endorsing Ramos: “Emily is an open minded, inquisitive, thoughtful and compassionate leader who is extremely qualified to serve the Mountain View Community!”  
  
Yee, Becker, and Kasperzak are joined in their early endorsements of Ramos by former Mountain View Mayors Ken Rosenberg and Lenny Siegel, State Assemblymember Alex Lee, State Board of Equalization Member Sally Lieber, Foothill-DeAnza Community College District Trustee Patrick Ahrens, Mountain View Los Altos High School District Trustee Thida Cornes,  former Mountain View Los Altos High School District Trustee Joan MacDonald, Downtown Committee Member Merry Yen, Visual Arts Committee Member Jesse Cupp, Environmental Planning Commissioner Alex Nuñez, and many more community leaders.  
  
Born and raised in the Bay Area, Ramos graduated from Notre Dame High School in San José and earned a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the California Maritime Academy in Vallejo.  